for everything nothing happens
ah
it would not be a bad idea
that just as the decree of Carmona
those who attended here that signed
those who want to leave their
signature stamped there
for the history of the worker leaders
who are here all and all
accompany the document with your signature on
an idea that just occurred to me
fellow companions friends and friends
I must
as I said
return
to our beloved Cuba
to continue the final stretch
of this treatment with great faith
every day bigger
great faith is written that I charge here
the same
from April 11
I remember that this same Christ so
I had
a handful when I thought I was going to die
I thought I was going to die there in the
seashore
and good one more that touched him
and it happened as a miracle
I'm sure our Christ will repeat
or will continue to do miracles